what's behind is smelled Gloria Camila
makes some statements that I'm going to
share with you we discuss them
share whatever you want Let's see
[Music]
[Applause]
Well super happy and that we can
really transmit the reality of what
prejudices are and that we don't
know what's behind a person
or what they have suffered or maybe
that judging sincerely without having any
idea besides them exploiting your facet
as an actress I don't know if you have more projects
Well the truth is that as actors right now
yes that is stopped I don't
know yet I mean not everything is useful but I
can't Yeah thank you very much Thank you look look
we have seen the video
backwards it was first the other one but well
now we see the other one Look I think it's super
honest super Look it reminds me Well on
another level of course the niece of
Consabelas like Nora Velasco I think it's
super honest that she says when they
ask her and your lack as an actress you are going to
continue developing there she tells you Hey
not right now This is stopped because
the majority of the characters when you
are in a photocall and you interview them or
ask them for something like that their
reactions Well I have things  no but exactly how it is
look it's like it's like it was
Yes well what's happening well Yes now we have
a few things and such what's
happening is that well I'm seeing we're
seeing to see a little the agenda and such And I'll keep you
posted because as it's not
closed No one day Manuela Velas caught me
with Concha's niece and said
Marina I'm
out of work it's that I almost started to
cry but not because of the fact of being out of
work but because of action this is you I say
Bravo and in fact from there I think they
really called her
Red Velvet yes I knew
gorgeous and I like her a lot as an
actress really gorgeous Yeah also
niece of a great one who right now
my poor thing She's sick but well yes
but let's see the thing about the cinema
is like that now also a lot a
lot of actors come out it's difficult
Look as María Solano says from red she
also did the reggae one the
movie
total We are more of Velvet
true of our generation family series of
the time
the other video
but
to study law and the truth is that it is
very important in life I think we
need to know law  all because I
thank you for a house, a car, the
mortgage in a contract, the cancellation of something,
so you need everything, and
also a master's degree with everything that's
happening
[Laughter] it
's great
[Music] well no no no no no no no
stop I
think it's a super career, so to speak,
much more theoretical than, for
example, where are you going, medicine remotely, what do you
do in your internships? I'm killing myself, I
mean, I want to tell you, no, no
medicine, for example, no, but well,
law, yes, no, in theory, not
going to court, it won't be a
hint, wait, I'm in a bit of a
twisted mood, eh, forgive me, but it's just that in
life it has led me to be like this. Look at the
title of the extract. no no no no no no
I'm a bit what is that what has been
said? Whoever tries to get it
remotely is that it's going to be bad, let's see this, but
this, I think is stuff. Come on, it's that
Alejandra Rubio, whose studies began
studying law, she tried to get it
remotely, then she did it in person. I
got a super report because I snuck
into her university. Well, I snuck in. Well, yes, I
snuck in because I passed. Yes, I really  I broke in
and also when they told me that I had
left it, people made fun of it, they looked at her
badly for being María Teresa's granddaughter and I
was like a little, no, no, a picture and in the
end Alejandro left it, he left it well
So I don't know the
good thing I just read some nonsense that I
can't avoid
listen to me that Ah the headline is that I
think that
look, I'm going to throw a little ego just like
I consider, because of things that I've
experienced, studying another degree and studying
criminology, I'm going to be for
extrapolating this to Gloria Camila, I think
that because of everything that she's going through Oh, I
think she's seen so much in her sister
the subject
I want a lawyer in my life no, no, just kidding, she
says, gosh, I want to be up to date with
this and what better way does it seem to me
Really, chapo. Hey, maybe I'll
write something to her and in the morning I'll send her
a WhatsApp to see which unit and
maybe I'll sign up with her, no, joking, and we
both study law and such. And no, no, well, that
's very good. Hey, but you too,
but you would have to be long distance, no,
but you're not going to move here, or yes  Oh no
but I was already talking
[Music]
I'm going to be a nail professional
but you still have a long way to go
Jose I swear Jose is an
eminence Yes I swear I've
already told you on WhatsApp total total total can
you imagine you doing nails would you be the
nail two because maybe he's very poor
that he's a crack in the fuchsia they call him
the nail you would be Hey maybe I'm going to
that to the congress
I have to go
you know No if you stay home because I
live there in Vallecas at the Vallecas bridge I
have to go I have to see
Aladdin
but no well I'll let you know to give you
two invitations don't pay Yeah man of
course son Sure That's why already already Hey the
other day my grandmother was here and I told her
go see Matilda man not to pay
who of those things not you as a guest
Well I'll let you know in advance so that it coincides
with that comes with the congress well
well Imagine you Well well well
because the congress is a weekend is
a weekend Well but that's an
hour no I'm going  for a little while, for an hour, for an
hour, a little more, but it's worth it
in Congress, for
a long time, man. Well, it must have been in November. We were there. Well, we were there
from 6:07 in the afternoon, since we
left there, so at 1:00 to 2:00, for
an hour and I'll get on a live show there, I'll do an hour and then I'll leave. And you're a
night owl, covering the whole thing. I'll stop by to say
hello and for you to introduce yourself. Camila,
okay, okay.
Who was it? Javi, if you were to come
and Well, who knows what life might have in store? There we
are, there we are, looking,
I'll try to make it a match. And I'll go there for
a little while,
gossiping, and I'll be doing a live show,
but since you're not going to, no, no, Lore
with me. Also, since it's about nails,
she's learning about manicures,
it's true. Of course,
but don't think about it too much because you know,
then the prices go up and I'm not going
to pay you. Of course,
you're going to walk five hours.
Last time, for the trial, I went to
Barcelona by plane and I'm not going by
plane anymore, for one thing.  can I go by
car one thing is that I go what do I tell you to I
know to the other side but I'm not
going anymore the plane has to be there two
hours before the suitcases are
limited I never check in properly always in the
end they leave me a suitcase outside without a
check-in I have to pay 100 € more then
I paid 100 euros more but they don't
give it back to me then I run because no no no
no I already Madrid Barcelona things like that
I take my car and I go there what
happens Okay well yes you know if you're
excited to go by car fine but I think it would be
more practical look I'm
with the car all day going there and here
but Hey once in an hour and a
half two you are And then to move
all the time picking up things but what a
thing if there is Atocha which is where you leave
the car there is that huge thing I mean it's just
you get off the city in two minutes Also there is
me who has a car that I love you
many I have put the oil sticker on my car
for when I go to
Madrid
yes
mother of God
where is the Congress On which side eh well it
's in Atocha I mean in  Atocha which is
where it leaves you, basically Atocha, the
center of Madrid, for life.
Yes, the people who are here watching this
live and who are from Madrid, everyone would be,
we can have a little
get together outside, we do a live stream
and now you're confusing me,
your followers, your followers,
some of whom are mine, what will they say?
Well,
guys,
out with you, horny, yes, it could be, eh, think about it
because this What would the congress be? What is it?
Have you looked at it Friday, Saturday, I don't know if
José is here, it's that I don't know who's
in the chat anymore and it
will be on a Saturday, logically, I'm going away this
weekend, Friday, I'll watch Aladdin, I'll stay
there on Saturday, this, then at night I'll
go to dinner with Lore or
whatever, and on Sunday I'll come back calmly, of
course, it's the last time, the other time, boss,
Madrid, a couple
of months ago, a couple of months ago, and we haven't
really seen each other when I went just a little while ago, I had, let's go, I
was with Javi. Speaking
clearly, I was like,
well, eh, everyone's nice, eh. And I'm so good. In
fact, didn't you put up one of yours or anything? Hey,
what, you've been there and I don't, no, no  It's now
clear to me now I
understand machismo Now it's
pure machismo
[Laughter] He
also really wants me to do it and
nothing, well I do too, so well,
supporting me you leave the fashion issue
completely aside,
we're doing some very cool things that I
hope to be able to tell you soon, what happens is that
until it's done, I'm very much in
favor
[Music]
Your face gives you away Well, the truth is that
I'm much calmer, I'm more
relaxed, I think that also giving us a
little bit of a break, I think that also
mentally and emotionally it has done us
very well and well, honestly, I'm
now dedicating time to the
things that I like, what I have
studied And what I want to
dedicate myself to,
experiencing so many things about law and
then in life you have to dedicate yourself to it I mean you have to
put in law and a little bit of
culture Javi for the javis stop stop
clarification What do they say they are saying around
here Sorry, what is it that if not, then
José says there are two days of the Congress, June 10 and 11,
the gala dinner and
awards ceremony on the 11th starting at  7:30
Oh look, he put it here How nice you
can put it that way God my goodness
I'm a super Boomer eh June 10th and 11th
my goodness that I've been doing this from the
beginning and not so much the
whole girlfriend and I
to see each other Yes of course of course Amparo is there
like last year when she was there too It's
true that we had a good time
last year Amparo covers it I eat at
most Well I'll go for a little while and I'll send you
with Amparo and I'll send you with Amparo okay that's what I'll
probably do if everything
is okay my parents are okay that they
can stay with the kids and so on I'll
do it Ah yes no I'll stay with them Ah
no yes I'm going to be there too it
's not a joke I'm not saying it as a joke or anything It's
likely it's likely that I will I'll go for
a little while you know and I
met José in Malaga no no no you haven't been
that lucky look and I'll have
a while and we'll have a drink we do a
bit of live we have a laugh you
introduce me to Mira Gloria Camila
you have to come Javi Of course I will do it
too Loredo also
toLorena
the  I already know
[Music]
Who was Gloria Camila Ivonne Reyes
Rocío Flores and we'll see what life has in
store for us, we'll see what life has in store for us, it
always has
wonderful surprises in store for us Javi, well okay, we talked about it, we
talked about
a contract, simply because I think it's
super important, so it came to me
from there, I like it, I've been sucking it up
a little bit, well, these past few months
and such, and with many things, and well, I
liked it, she
liked it, simply, no, there's no
more, no, neither. Look at
the right side.
Yes, I mean, it seems to me, I see Gloria. Right
now, seeing her at the photocall is no comparison with what she saw
months ago, I see her much
more focused, apart from the fact that I consider her an
intelligent girl and of course
she's capable of getting that degree if she
puts her best foot forward, and I think
that decision is great, and at the moment I haven't
uploaded the one she's in, to verbalize it and to
be clear that she wants to do that, it
seems like a joke to me, then on the other hand,
then about the video
[Music]